--------------@Plain text--------------------- 

 
Thank you for calling all of our agents.
 Thank you for calling B. I'm Jacob how may I help you? Hi. Jacob, this is Nancy. Oliver, I live at 11:40 10th Street and Apartment 2 in Santa Monica. And I don't know this qualifies for emergency, but it is to me my um kitchen sink is totally backed up both sides of it for the disposal is and um on the other side and I just cannot clear it. I've tried plunging and everything and it just won't clear. And I even put my hand down and I couldn't find anything.
 Really blocking it. So I just don't know.
 Well, I'm really sorry to hear about this, first of all. And yes, I can have an emergency person call you back about this, so they will call you in the next, you know, what can be done about the whole situation um but I need some of your information like your first and last name as well as your call back number may I have that please. Yeah so it's Nancy o o apostrophe l
 E a r y.
 Okay so that's O Apostrophe. L e a r y right? Yes yes. All right and for your first name uh that's n a n c y.
 Wait. Yes, okay ma'am. Um, May I also have a call back number.
 Yes, 310 433.
 4686.
 Okay, so that's 31043 34686 right. Yeah.
 And you were calling from the apartment 2 of building 1140 10th Street. Santa Monica, ZIP code 90403 correct? Correct? Yes. Okay.
 And this is in, this is about a sink blockage.
 A sink stoppage. Yes. That you have a 2? Yeah.
 And there's water. I the water won't even drain so it fills.
 Dirty water. And do you want someone to come in?
 To talk over this message to the office right away. So they will call you back as soon as possible. Is there anything else I can? Okay, thank you so much. No, you're terrific. Thank you very much. You too have a good 1, misc.
 Bye. Bye. Goodbye.
 

 ----------------------@Anotated text-------------------- 

 CALLER: Thank you for calling all of our agents. Thank you for calling B. I'm Jacob how may I help you? Hi. Jacob, this is Nancy. Oliver, I live at 11:40 10th Street and Apartment 2 in Santa Monica. And I don't know this qualifies for emergency, but it is to me my um kitchen sink is totally backed up both sides of it for the disposal is and um on the other side and I just cannot clear it. I've tried plunging and everything and it just won't clear. And I even put my hand down and I couldn't find anything. Really blocking it. So I just don't know. Well, I'm really sorry to hear about this, first of all. And yes, I can have an emergency person call you back about this, so they will call you in the next, you know, what can be done about the whole situation um but I need some of your information like your first and last name as well as your call back number may I have that please. Yeah so it's Nancy o o apostrophe l E a r y. Okay so that's O Apostrophe. L e a r y right? Yes yes. All right and for your first name uh that's n a n c y. Wait. Yes, okay ma'am. Um, May I also have a call back number. Yes, 310 433. 4686. Okay, so that's 31043 34686 right. Yeah. And you were calling from the apartment 2 of building 1140 10th Street. Santa Monica, ZIP code 90403 correct? Correct? Yes. Okay. And this is in, this is about a sink blockage. A sink stoppage. Yes. That you have a 2? Yeah. And there's water. I the water won't even drain so it fills. Dirty water. And do you want someone to come in? To talk over this message to the office right away. So they will call you back as soon as possible. Is there anything else I can? Okay, thank you so much. No, you're terrific. Thank you very much. You too have a good 1, misc. Bye. Bye. Goodbye.
AGENT: Thank you for calling all of our agents.
CALLER: Thank you for calling B. I'm Jacob how may I help you?
AGENT: Hi. Jacob, this is Nancy. Oliver, I live at 11:40 10th Street and Apartment 2 in Santa Monica. And I don't know this qualifies for emergency, but it is to me my um kitchen sink is totally backed up both sides of it for the disposal is and um on the other side and I just cannot clear it. I've tried plunging and everything and it just won't clear. And I even put my hand down and I couldn't find anything. Really blocking it. So I just don't know.
CALLER: Well, I'm really sorry to hear about this, first of all. And yes, I can have an emergency person call you back about this, so they will call you in the next, you know, what can be done about the whole situation um but I need some of your information like your first and last name as well as your call back number may I have that please.
AGENT: Yeah so it's Nancy o o apostrophe l E a r y.
CALLER: Okay so that's O Apostrophe. L e a r y right?
AGENT: Yes yes.
CALLER: All right and for your first name uh that's n a n c y.
AGENT: Wait. Yes,
CALLER: okay ma'am. Um, May I also have a call back number.
AGENT: Yes, 310 433. 4686.
CALLER: Okay, so that's 31043 34686 right.
AGENT: Yeah.
CALLER: And you were calling from the apartment 2 of building 1140 10th Street. Santa Monica, ZIP code
AGENT: 90403
CALLER: correct?
AGENT: Correct? Yes.
CALLER: Okay. And this is in, this is about a sink blockage. A sink stoppage. Yes. That you have a
AGENT: 2? Yeah. And there's water. I the water won't even drain so it
CALLER: fills. Dirty water. And do you want someone to come in? To talk over this message to the office right away. So they will call you back as soon as possible. Is there anything else
AGENT: I can? Okay, thank you so much. No, you're terrific. Thank you very much.
CALLER: You too have a good 1, misc.
AGENT: Bye. Bye.
CALLER: Goodbye. 

